read an accountant young Willie Young
one ball up till now salutes to be this
is intense man goes on the ladies in the
background pumping spit up close to the
draw stars children owe you one shot on
the but you gotta let it go when they go
to bed we turn out the light this is
wonderful wrapping it we need help the
people without the pans no we come again
and we do this 11 things right in place
from the flow to the clap right to the
base around town everybody laughs I'm
gonna edge the place when the beat goes
on is almost wet when the beat goes
wrong the truck will be
language was a bow why cause I'm just
pumping fly gonna be lost anyway given
the beat and try rubber band cause you
know who's on the track it you're going
border not tell that's a fact I'm gonna
do this thing like Kobe and Shaq and
bring the go home right back you're back
in a race you know we're sick folk are
like they magic tricks my plan for us
nothing i'm gonna put two sons to
reverses a leg kick thanks because we go
slow I like that the hair is red the
homes i like to our own you add my
owners who can Iraqis and goods you know
you stealing my lap you like that run
you singing this song but it shouldn't
be Sun your skin keep breathing like you
got one wrong so I'm so much I say call
me bring these up with the Pico told me
I get on your breath for the because
homie i possess will track where the
cars are you gonna cut with a beat call
Tony you gotta start back awesome ya
ready when the Vikan so we just keep it
back when the feet are solely for the
medley when the because of the donut in
shock
a song to thank all our fans what a date
me or losing all your right yeah miss
McCormack mr. bragin everyone else out
don't you hear that one gig you can ask
you like taking James alltel really
young once the gate so call us the young
gun we party like call every week and
every girl we have been freaking out all
dominica quarter again now you can give
up we are tell sleep yeah you know here
for the love rough but i'm using effects
like cocky plus i got other sex
motherfuckin got fun thing keeping us it
would be on 13 the bus around you know
what tightly you start bars in bed at
night you took his feet and now it's
light is better than juveniles ready
right on the grease on tell me i get all
new breath when the be gone for your
present the check in the fleet's all
told me you're gonna get cut through the
feet tall told me to get us back so soon
wait for the bed
lower than the because daddy ready
awesome possum wait for gonna be awesome
I